I'm going to talk about my favorite book
which is better than the movies by Lynn
painter so R's book and has a lot of
Taylor Swift references which I'm a
total Swifty so it's a reason why I love
this book it's about two characters
they're actually neighbors their names
are Liz and
Wes um so Liz was trying to win over
this other guy that she had a crush on
and this guy was best friends with Wes
so she know she knew that she needed
help from Wes in order to be close with
this other guy and fast forward she ends
up falling in love with Wes so they're
actually a couple and it's really cute I
know that there's I'm really excited
that in October there's going to be the
second part of this book it's that's
going to be released um apparently they
actually broke up and then there's like
a second chance romance and when they're
in college so I'm really excited to read
that book
and yeah